Sept 5 - Oct 26 2017 at Emily Griffith Technical College
========================================================

Class 1.8, Tues Oct 3
---------------------

Due Today
^^^^^^^^^

* Please do (and turn in) `this exercise from chapter 9 </Strings/Exercises.html#weekly-graded-assignment>`_.
* Read `Chapter 10 </#lists>`_ and try some exercises.
* Do (or start) the `Initials assignment </ProblemSets/Initials.html>`_.

In Class
^^^^^^^^

`Bubble sort </Studios/bubble-sort.html>`_


Class 1.9, Thurs Oct 5
----------------------

Due Today
^^^^^^^^^

* Please do (and turn in) `this exercise from chapter 10 </Lists/Exercises.html#weekly-graded-assignment>`_.
  (I just noticed that those are called "Weekly Graded Assignments", yet we usually have two due
  every week. Doesn't seem very fair...)
* Please read `Chapter 11: Dictionaries and Tuples </#dictionaries-and-tuples>`_ and try some exercises.
* Finish the `Initials assignment </ProblemSets/Initials.html>`_. Be ready to demo it to your instructor.

In Class
^^^^^^^^

* Studio: `Yahtzee </Studios/yahtzee.html>`_
* Also, you will demo your Initials assignment to your instructor.

Class 1.10, Tues Oct 10
-----------------------

Due Today
^^^^^^^^^

* Please do (and turn in) `this exercise from chapter 11 </Dictionaries/Exercises.html#weekly-graded-assignment>`_.
* Read through the `Crypto assignment </ProblemSets/Crypto.html>`_.

In Class
^^^^^^^^

Catch-up day! We'll go through some exercises, answer questions, talk about the Crypto assignment -- whatever you're confused about.

Class 1.11, Thurs Oct 12
------------------------

Due Today
^^^^^^^^^

* No homework due today!
* Please read `Chapter 12: Classes and Objects Basics </#classes-and-objects-basics>`_.
* Keep working on `Crypto </ProblemSets/Crypto.html>`_.

In Class
^^^^^^^^

Studio: `Counting Characters </Studios/counting-characters.html>`_

Class 1.12, Tues Oct 17
-----------------------

Due Today
^^^^^^^^^

* Please read `Chapter 13: Classes and Objects - Digging Deeper </#classes-and-objects-digging-deeper>`_ (the last chapter!)
* Keep working on `Crypto </ProblemSets/Crypto.html>`_.

In Class
^^^^^^^^

TBD

Class 1.13, Thurs Oct 19
------------------------

Due Today
^^^^^^^^^

* Keep working on `Crypto </ProblemSets/Crypto.html>`_.

In Class
^^^^^^^^

* TBD
* Anyone who's done with Crypto can demo it to their instructor.

Class 1.14, Thurs Oct 21
------------------------

Due Today
^^^^^^^^^

* `Crypto Assignment </ProblemSets/Crypto.html>`_ .

In Class
^^^^^^^^

* TBD
* Demo Crypto to your instructor.
